[Hajime] This thing here
is one of Nagamitsu's
legendary swords.
I've even acquired
--a Masamune sword.
--I have no money.
At any rate, I cannot
hide how surprised I am.
I was going to shoot
you with a red arrow
and get you to do
something for me.
However, it looks like
someone beat me to it.
It's amusing, isn't it?
[Hajime laughing]
Now I'm going to need
your full cooperation.
So tell me who it
was who shot you?
I don't know what
you're talking about.
And besides, I'm bound by
client confidentiality.
[dramatic music]
I'll tell you whatever
you want to know.
[opening theme music]
[calm music]
This place is huge.
It's really great.
It's quite unique.
A few years ago,
it became popular
as the chapel among the clouds,
but the owner sold it
for personal reasons.
Hey, I could fly all
over in here [giggles].
Oh, I almost forgot.
Try this on, it's for you.
You finally finished it.
You're the best.
Thank you.
There you are.
What are you spacing out on?
This looked similar to
the park I used to visit
with my family.
Really?
What's this stuff?
Ah, Saki
These are the celestial tomes.
They're the memories
of every God and angel,
all the way from heaven's
inception to the present time.
One drop contains more
information than you'd find
in a thousand books.
You're going to
read all of these?
Don't push yourself too hard.
Well, I kind of have to Saki.
I don't know any
more effective way
if I'm gonna help you
get your own wings.
Thanks Revel.
You can thank me once
you can actually fly.
I'll let you get to it.
Mr. Mukaido finished my suit.
I was looking for
somewhere to try it on.
What suit?
We can start using
this place right away.
[Saki] So, what do you think?
[upbeat music]
[Mr. Mukaido] Oh, perfect.
It's just so cute.
Indeed.
[Nasse] Those things
look like ears.
[Baret] You have a tail too.
She's like a cat!
Not true.
Just look, this head gear
becomes a stealth shield.
When the so-called
ears fold down,
they become a goggle
shaped wearable device,
which she can control just
through eye movements.
I've woven fiber
actuators into the suit
and electric oscillation is used
to make it expand and contract.
This helps compensate for Saki's
lack of physical strength.
In order to dissipate as
much of the heat generated
by the suit as possible,
the tail keeps the
battery away from the body
and functions as a cooling unit.
Prioritizing efficiency
led to this design,
everything functions logically.
It's ready to go.
Thank you so much.
You've worked so hard.
You're okay with it?
Oh yeah.
It's really wonderful.
Hey, look up there.
What in the world is that?
It's a red arrow.
Saki!
It's okay.
It's my arrow.
I can feel it.
However, if it's come
back to me, that means--
One of the 14 people you shot
with your arrows has died.
That's not all.
It means Mukaido is now able
to use that arrow again.
[Mukaido gasping]
Oh no.
Listen Mirai, you
need to come with me.
--Of course.
--Stay here Saki.
[dramatic music]
Saki.
[phone ringing]
Damn it, my wife's not
answering her phone.
If one of the detectives
I shot with an arrow
has been killed--
Metropoliman must be involved.
Yeah, it's possible he
discovered my identity.
There it is.
Who's that?
Take care of him Mirai.
Right.
[glass shattering]
Aya, Nanaka!
[dramatic music]
[metal scraping]
Nanaka!
Damn it.
Aya where are you?
[Mukaido gasping]
[Mukaido screaming]
[metal scraping]
Who are you?
What are you doing here?
Hilarious, it really worked.
Tell me, are you
also a God candidate?
[dramatic music]
He has wings.
He did it.
He fired off a red arrow
without hesitating.
All right!
Is that guy at God
candidate as well?
The bait has been set.
The kid is sure to show
up here before long.
[Hajime laughing]
[baby crying]
[Balta] Hajime
Sokotani, poor and ugly
since the day he was born,
and as he grew, he got
even poorer and uglier.
[Man] What is wrong
with that kids face?
It's painful, hideous!
I never should have
given birth to you.
He doesn't have the money
to pay for his lunches.
He can't even afford notebooks.
His mom's a sex worker even
though she's ugly as hell.
[Balta] His poverty ugliness
peaked in his teenage years.
[Girl] Good morning.
Morning.
I can't believe how
much it's been raining.
Really, my mom made me
bring a change of socks.
Can you believe it?
[calm music]
[Hajime gasping]
[thunder booming]
[somber music]
[Hajime crying]
I am Balta, a first rank angel.
Both appearance and wealth
impact a person's life.
Come on, don't you want
to change this world?
If you become God, or
rather a God candidate,
interesting things will happen.
At least that's what my
intuition is telling me.
Tell me.
I've always wanted
to talk to a girl,
but I couldn't do it.
[Balta] Well now
with this, you can.
[somber music]
I've been watching
you since forever.
Can I hold your hands?
I want to kiss you, can I?
Okay.
[somber music]
[Hajime screaming]
I saw us kissing in
the classroom mirror
and it creeped me out.
There's no way the real me
could ever attract anyone.
Feels futile.
You've got good instincts.
It's not instinctual.
I feel your anguish.
Metropon!
Now, release the hostages.
[people cheering]
A God candidate
acting as a hero.
He is so cool.
I want to be like that.
People of Earth,
I am Metropoliman.
It goes without saying that
I am here to preserve peace
on this planet.
He's so confident.
He's not like me in any way.
I see the potential in you.
Inspiring, isn't he?
The two of you are
different types of people.
The man inside that
suit is probably blessed
with lots of money.
A popular and handsome man
who's had people fawning over
him since he was born.
Handsome?
Popular?
It's just a hunch, but my
hunches are often correct.
[Metropoliman] I have
already defeated one.
That's it!
I'll be handsome too!
I'll shoot a plastic
surgeon with an arrow,
and I'll steal money.
I'll be handsome and rich.
Yes, those are the people who
are most popular in the world.
[Metropoliman] To my
eleven challengers,
I realize now that
we're on the same side.
Human technology is amazing.
Are you nearly ready?
No.
Not yet.
I won't be ready
until I'm popular
without using red arrows.
[Hajime grunting]
I want to meet him, but if he
finds out I'm a God candidate,
he'll kill me.
That's an astute analysis.
[Doctor] I'm removing
your bandages now.
[Woman] Thanks
for your business.
Come back soon.
Sure.
[people gasping]
Wow, is this really me?
That girl's my type.
She's totally my type.
No, no, she's leaving.
Can I help you?
Should I hit on her?
I've never done this before.
Excuse me.
You said scuzy?
No, it was, tits, its.
Titties?
Excuse me I have to go.
[Hajime crying]
[Balta] So your communication
skills are the issue, right?
This isn't working
out the way I thought.
Even though I'm handsome now,
I still can't talk to girls.
Are my lips still an odd shape?
What else can I do?
I could get my eyebrows waxed.
What's going on?
Oh right.
He's got God candidates
cornered at the grand tower
and he's gonna kill 'em.
He's amazing.
What's that guy doing?
He's trying to shoot him.
Go on, get him Mr. Poliman.
[gun firing]
He's been shot.
But since he can fly
away, he should be fine.
Can't believe there are
two people who dare to defy
Mr. Poliman.
I must find a way.
I have to find a way
to protect Mr. Poliman.
In order to help Mr.
Poliman with his mission,
I'll become his servant.
Yeah?
Are you sure?
My intuition says
if he becomes God,
it would cause the
near extinction
of life on this planet.
Fine.
I don't really care what
happens to this world.
Let it descend into chaos.
I've always felt this way.
I want to see the world that
Mr. Poliman will create.
He's trying to kill all
the other God candidates.
It would be dangerous
to approach him.
Yes, I know that, but--
[Woman] You're handsome
enough already.
There's nothing left to fix.
Thanks, but boys my age
are very self-conscious
about their looks.
You get to spend
your parents money
however you want, right?
There was a boy like you who
visited me two years ago,
his parents owned
Joso Industries.
He paid for my silence and said
he'd kill me if I
ever told anyone.
But I feel the need to
share my secrets with you.
I didn't know where to
begin with that teenage boy.
And it seems neither did he.
Then why did he come to you?
Not for what you'd think.
He said, teach me how to
keep my sister's corpse
life-like and beautiful, looking
like she was still alive.
Kind of creepy, right?
An interesting story.
My instincts are telling
me before we go forward,
we should examine that
high school students DNA.
The report you got from
that police official
you shot with a red arrow.
Didn't it say something
about lifting DNA
from Metropoliman's broken mask?
If this boy's DNA is a match,
then we've uncovered
his identity.
[Noguchi] Kanade.
[Kanade] What is it Noguchi?
I've been shot with a red
arrow by a guy named Hajime.
He's a God candidate
who worships you.
The other day I took a
hair from your brush,
so that he could
examine your DNA.
He wants nothing more in this
life than to be your servant.
Please come to the dance
room alone after class.
Excuse me.
[eerie music]
Someone's already shot her.
That's too bad.
[dramatic music]
[students shouting]
[Boy] Noguchi,
are you all right?
[Girl] Get the nurse!
[Student] My god,
I think she's dead.
[Boy] Why did she fall down?
[Student] Did anyone
see what happened?
[eerie music]
[Hajime] Mr. Kanade?
Hold on, no, you're not him.
Correct, I would never expose
myself that carelessly,
so I sent this guy in my place
and told him to repeat
exactly what I say to him
through earphones.
I'm observing all of this
through the cameras
installed in the dance room.
You already know
what I look like?
[Hajime] No, not until today.
I had heard that you were
a perfect handsome boy.
Hey, you wouldn't actually
be standing behind
one of these mirrors, would you?
[Hajime] That's impressive.
It's obvious if
you think about it.
To shoot me with an arrow,
all you'd need to do is install
a one-way mirror in front
of the existing ones
and take dead aim.
Even someone with wings
wouldn't be able to fly around
forever in such
a confined space.
I'm guessing you wouldn't want
to be stuck there in person.
So you mentioned
becoming my servant.
What did you mean by that?
[Hajime] Exactly
what it sounds like.
I'm your biggest fan,
and I want to serve
you in some way,
to help you with your mission.
To kill someone with wings,
first you need to trap them.
A box behind a mirror
would be one way,
but anyone could
come up with that.
You're not selling
yourself very well.
However, you were
able to track me down,
so I acknowledge that
you're not stupid.
[Hajime] I just got lucky,
or maybe my angel has
really good intuition.
What?
His angel must be Balta.
He's the first rank
angel of intuition.
[Kanade] You want
to become my servant
without so much as ever
having met me in person.
Is that correct?
[Hajime] Yes.
[Kanade] Well, that's
awfully convenient for me.
[Hajime] I'm telling you I'm
happy to be your servant.
I'm going to prepare a box.
The challenge will be how
to trap God candidates
inside of it.
If you can figure that out,
I'll make you my servant.
Yes, I'll do my best for you.
I want you to know
you can trust me.
[Hajime laughing]
Mr. Poliman, I have,
I've successfully
put the bait in the box.
You work quickly.
[Hajime] I even got
Mukaido's cell phone number.
[Kanade] Really?
Not bad.
May I ask you something, sir?
I currently have access
to 13 red arrows,
and I've got one left.
Should I shoot the
mother I captured?
He's used up 12 arrows.
Is this guy stupid?
Just shoot God candidates.
Yes, of course.
I'll find one.
I don't know about this guy.
Can he be of any
actual use to me?
And how much can I trust him?
You have to calm
down Mr. Mukaido.
I am trying to calm
down, I really am.
Why are you blaming yourself
and trying to hurt
yourself Mukaido?
If anything, you should
be directing your blame
and resentment at me.
None of this would
have happened,
if I hadn't made you an
active God candidate.
I'm the one who took
you up on your offer.
I was convinced I'd be
helping my wife and child.
And instead this has happened.
God candidate, what a joke.
What have I done?
[Mukaido crying]
[phone buzzing]
Where the hell are they?
Don't yell into
the phone old dude.
Minamino theme park.
Go save them.
That is if you actually can.
[dramatic music]
[Mirai] Mr. Mukaido,
I'm coming with you!
[Saki] Me too!
Don't follow me. You'll
just get in my way.
No, wait.
[Mr. Mukaido] You can't
fight without wings.
I can't focus any longer.
All of this information.
There's just way
too much to learn.
They're falling endlessly.
This is heaven?
Revel!
Look after Saki.
[Revel] Left behind again, huh?
They might not make it back.
What?
This isn't like the tower.
Mr. Mukaido's family
has been taken hostage.
Even when Mirai was left all
alone, I couldn't step up.
I'm never able to help anyone.
I thought Saki had
overcome her melancholy,
but she looks the
same way she did
when she tried to kill herself.
If I had a pair of wings,
I'd be able to help you.
I want us to work together,
so we can achieve our goal
and eventually find happiness.
I won't let this happen.
I have to help her somehow.
Hang on Saki, I'll find a way!
Aya! Nanaka!
[closing theme music]